c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.exe.config
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.exe
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.pdb
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.exe
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.pdb
c:\users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.MainWindowForm.resources
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Vision.dll
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Vision.xml
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\abhimanbhau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.SettingsForm.resources
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.exe.config
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.exe
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.pdb
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.exe
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.pdb
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Vision.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\Accord.Vision.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.MainWindowForm.resources
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.Properties.Resources.resources
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.SettingsForm.resources
M:\PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
I:\ \PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\bin\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.exe.config
I:\ \PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.exe
I:\ \PhotoManiaPro\PhotoManiaPro\obj\Debug\PhotoManiaPro.pdb
